Hi we within this lecture regrouping to create the functions that we are going to use when we try to
recognize the image.
So in order to do that I'm going to download the model that we going to use.
So we have different options in here.
As you can see this is 32 bit the 16 bits.
And this all belongs to mobile Net V2 model.
So as we increase the bits deep precision increases as well.
So if we want a full precision if we want clearer results we have to go with this 32 bit which is 24
megabytes.
So if we want something smaller of course we can try to go with other models as well.
But I'm going to go for the big one because I want full precision.
OK.
So I want better assumptions on the images that I'm going to try and recognize.
And if you click on this view code it will display a documentation in which you will find the details
of how to use this image classification models.
And don't worry I'm going to explain all of those and in fact we're not even going to follow this documentation.
I'm going to simplify it.
I'm going to rewrite all the codes from scratch in our app but know that this documentation exists here
so that you can try to take a look.
Then you either know try to work with another model or another class model if you're working with machine
learning examples.
OK.
But e we're going to complete two steps first we going to complete the request and we're going to create
and handler.
We're going to see what are those later on.
Don't worry.
But we're going to see a lot of new code and a lot of new techniques in this section.
So in order to memorize what's going on.
Just know that we have two main steps you're creating to request and creating a handler to handle these
requests to fire up these requests.
OK.
And we're going to work with a class called Yang core and male model.
And again if you want to you can just try to read the details of this documentation but I'm going to
explain all of those in our code as well.
So let me open my downloads folder and bring in this model into my project and make sure this copy items
if needed and the targets are selected.
Once you confirm you can just head on finish and it will bring in the models so that we can use it in
our code.
OK.
So first I have to import the core amount framework that we have talked about and also furthermore we
need something more.
And it's called Vision.
So this is a model.
This is kind of a module that we use when we try to work with image recognition models.
OK.
So that's why I mean part think this I'm gonna need this classes in my app.
So after you import the core email and the vision in your app you're good to go actually.
And we're going to have to adjust this image because controller and we're going to have to create our
recognize function as well.
I'm going to call my recognize function recognize image.
So this is going to be basic and I'm going to call this function under did finish launching I did finish
Peking media with info.
OK.
And once user finishes speaking media it will get called it will get executed and in order to do that
this methods I had this function actually will ask me some image type called See I image.
OK so I'm going to have to adjust my code according to that.
So if you come over your documentation you you can't see the CIC because it's better to do this now
because it will ask us for later on and I don't want to waste any more time.
I just want to get in to my recognized image functions so that I can tell you all about this core and
now functions core and the classes and objects.
And in order to complete this I'm going to convert my UI image to be SGI image and as you can see this
is a representation of an image to be processed by core image filters.
So that's why we're bringing this into the game.
And in order to do that I'm going to create another variable called if CIA image and I'm going to use
it flat.
Because my UI image is casted optionally in here.
And if you say CGI image it will ask you for some data.
And the best way to do that is through a UI image because we already have a UI image.
At this point.
Right.
We can try to convert this UI image into SGI image so I can get as easily from Image view dot image.
OK.
And it's in here under if left you can try to come up with a variable so that we can use it under our
function.
So let me save our chosen image and this is going to be SGI image.
OK.
And in order to comply with the scope I'm going to say chosen image is a SII image so that I can come
over here and use my chosen image later on.
So make sure you selected the right one and under the recognized image.
Now we can actually use this chosen image.
In fact I don't even have to do that I can just take this as an input in my function right.
I can't come over here and say this function will ask for an image and this is going to be a CIA image
and in the recognized image I can just use this as a parameter.
Right.
I can come over here and say yep this is chosen.
Image.
Yep.
So far so good.
Now I have my fun ready in order to leverage all this core email objects and classes.
So again we're going to create the request.
We're going to create on handler to handle this request and try to get the assumption try to get declassification
from our image model.
So let me try to find the CIA image.
Yep.
As you can see in the handler it asks us for a CIA image.
And again this is the reason why we have created our CIA image again.
So here we go.
I believe we can stop here because in the next picture we going to create our requests.